add docs for secret caching behavior (#10343)
dagger/dagger: docs/current_docs/cookbook/cookbook.mdx

    </TabItem>
    </Tabs>

### Customize secret caching behavior

> By default, the cache for operations that include a secret will be based on the plaintext value of the secret. Operations that include secrets with the same plaintext value may share cache, but if the plaintext differs then the operation will not share cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the cache for operations that include a secret will be based on the plaintext value of the secret. Operations that include secrets with the same plaintext value may share the cache, but if the plaintext differs then the operation will not share the cache.
```

Question: this refers to "cache for operations" In our docs, we use the terms "layer cache" and "cache volumes": https://docs.dagger.io/features/caching. Which of these is the "cache for operations"? Can we replace "cache for operations" with one of the other two terms, so readers understand can grok it better?

Author: I updated "share cache" to be "share layer cache entries" ("share the layer cache" didn't sound right to me)

> In some cases, users may desire that operations share cache even if the secret plaintext value is different. For example, a secret may often rotate in plaintext value but not be meaningfully different such that cache for operations including it should be busted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, users may desire that operations share the cache even if the secret plaintext value is different. For example, a secret may often rotate in plaintext value but not be meaningfully different; in these cases, it should still be possible to reuse the cache for operations that include that secret.
```

For these use cases, the optional `cacheKey` argument to `Secret` construction can be used to specify the "cache key" of the secret. Secrets that share the same `cacheKey` will be considered equivalent when checking cache of operations that include them, even if their plaintext value differs.

> Example usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example

Use a secret with a specified cache key:

```

Minor suggestion for consistency with other examples
